Who was vice president under the president who approved the use of atomic weapons against Japan during World War II?
In which town was the man convicted of killing Martin Luther King born?
Which anti-apartheid revolutionary was born in Mvezo?
How many Golden Globe awards did the daughter of Henry Fonda win?
Which recipients of the Victoria Cross fought in the Battle of Arnhem?
Where did the first human in space die?
How old was Steve Jobs' sister when she first met him?
Which members of the Wu-Tang Clan took their stage name from a movie?
Which writers had influenced the philosopher that refused a Nobel Prize?
Under which king did the British prime minister that had a reputation as a playboy serve?
Who composed the music for the film that depicts the early life of Jane Austen?
Who succeeded the pope that reigned only 33 days?
On which island did the national poet of Greece die?
Which horses did The Long Fellow ride?
Of the people that died of radiation in Los Alamos, whose death was an accident?
Which building owned by the Bank of America was featured in the TV series MegaStructures?
Which buildings in art deco style did Shreve, Lamb and Harmon design?
Which birds are protected under the National Parks and Wildlife Act?
Which country did the first known photographer of snowflakes come from?
List all the battles commanded by the lover of Cleopatra.
Are the Rosetta Stone and the Gayer-Andersen cat exhibited in the same museum?
Which actress starring in the TV series Friends owns the production company Coquette Productions?
Gaborone is the capital of which country member of the African Union?
When was the the greatest composer of Italian opera after Verdi born?
Which street basketball player was diagnosed with Sarcoidosis?
Which daughter of Francis Ford Coppola received an Academy Award for Lost in Translation?
Which city does the first person to climb all 14 eight-thousanders come from?
Who is the wife of the creator of the César Award?
Did Napoleon's first wife die in France?
How old is James Bond in the latest Bond book by William Boyd?
What eating disorder is characterized by an appetite for substances such as clay and sand?
What is the native city of Hollywood's highest-paid actress?
In which city does the sports commentator known as Memory Man live?
How many children does the actor who plays Dan White in Milk have?
Who is the front man of the band that wrote Coffee & TV?
Which Chinese-speaking country is a former Portguese colony?
What is the largest city in the county in which Faulkner spent most of his life?
In which year did the Hungarian-American actor called "The King of Horror" make his first film?
Under which pseudonym did Charles Dickens write some of his books?
The home of the Mona Lisa is a landmark of which city?
In which British territories was the "Father of Singapore" born?
Which Secretary of State policies lead to the United States' acquisition of Pacific colonies?
Who are the architects of the tallest building in Japan?
In which city where Charlie Chaplin's half brothers born?
Which German mathematicians were members of the von Braun rocket group?
Which writers converted to Islam?
Are there man-made lakes in Australia that are deeper than 100 meters?
Which movie by the Coen brothers stars John Turturro in the role of a New York City playwright?
Which of the volcanoes that erupted in 1550 was named after an explorer?
