When was the Battle of Gettysburg?
List all the musicals with music by Elton John.
How high is the lighthouse in Colombo?
Who was the wife of U.S. president Lincoln?
Who is the host of the BBC Wildlife Specials?
How much did Pulp Fiction cost?
In what city is the Heineken brewery?
When did Operation Overlord commence?
In which city does the Chile Route 68 end?
Who developed Slack?
Who was married to president Chirac?
What did Bruce Carver die from?
Who painted The Storm on the Sea of Galilee?
Which cities does the Weser flow through?
How many seats does the home stadium of FC Porto have?
Who is the daughter of Robert Kennedy married to?
Which books by Kerouac were published by Viking Press?
How tall is Amazon Eve?
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch?
Who wrote the book Les Piliers de la terre?
Is James Bond married?
Who discovered Ceres?
Which river does the Brooklyn Bridge cross?
Who was called Frank The Tank?
What is the largest country in the world?
Who is the mayor of Paris?
Who is the coach of Ankara's ice hockey team?
Who is the mayor of the capital of French Polynesia?
Which awards did Douglas Hofstadter win?
How much did the Lego Movie cost?
Where does Piccadilly start?
Do Prince Harry and Prince William have the same parents?
Who played Agent Smith in Matrix?
How many languages are spoken in Turkmenistan?
In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play?
In which country does the Ganges start?
In which year was Rachel Stevens born?
Is Barack Obama a democrat?
Where was Bach born?
How often did Jane Fonda marry?
Who was the first to climb Mount Everest?
How many people live in Poland?
What is the location of the Houses of Parliament?
Is Christian Bale starring in Batman Begins?
In which country is the Limerick Lake?
What was the last movie with Alec Guinness?
What is the highest mountain in Australia?
Is Frank Herbert still alive?
Who created Family Guy?
What is the official language of Suriname?
Who wrote the song Hotel California?
Give me all actors starring in movies directed by William Shatner.
What is in a chocolate chip cookie?
Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden.
Which ingredients do I need for carrot cake?
Does Neymar play for Real Madrid?
Which computer scientist won an oscar?
How many companies were founded in the same year as Google?
In which UK city are the headquarters of the MI6?
Was the Cuban Missile Crisis earlier than the Bay of Pigs Invasion?
What does IYCM stand for?
When did the Ming dynasty dissolve?
List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos!
What is the total population of Melbourne, Florida?
Did Arnold Schwarzenegger attend a university?
What country is Mount Everest in?
What is the largest city in Australia?
Give me all launch pads operated by NASA.
Who is the mayor of Tel Aviv?
List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos.
Who created Batman?
Who played Gus Fring in Breaking Bad?
In which programming language is GIMP written?
In which ancient empire could you pay with cocoa beans?
Who is the editor of Forbes?
How many people live in the capital of Australia?
Which professional surfers were born in Australia?
Which electronics companies were founded in Beijing?
Give me all video games published by Mean Hamster Software.
How many Aldi stores are there?
What is the capital of Cameroon?
Is there a video game called Battle Chess?
Was the wife of president Lincoln called Mary?
Give me all movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Which of Tim Burton's films had the highest budget?
Does Breaking Bad have more episodes than Game of Thrones?
Who was called Rodzilla?
Was Natalie Portman born in the United States?
Give me the grandchildren of Elvis Presley.
Which movies starring Mickey Rourke were directed by Guy Ritchie?
When did Dracula's creator die?
Which country does the creator of Miffy come from?
What is Batman's real name?
What form of government does Russia have?
How many companies were founded by the founder of Facebook?
Give me all Canadian Grunge record labels.
How many children did Benjamin Franklin have?
List the children of Margaret Thatcher.
From which region is the Melon de Bourgogne?
Who is the oldest child of Meryl Streep?
Are tree frogs a type of amphibian?
Is Christian Bale starring in Velvet Goldmine?
List all games by GMT.
Does the Isar flow into a lake?
Which airports does Yeti Airlines serve?
Which Indian company has the most employees?
What color expresses loyalty?
Which city has the most inhabitants?
Who created Wikipedia?
Is Rita Wilson the wife of Tom Hanks?
Is the wife of president Obama called Michelle?
How many ethnic groups live in Slovenia?
Who is the president of Eritrea?
Which films did Stanley Kubrick direct?
When was the Titanic completed?
How many pages does War and Peace have?
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League?
What is the highest mountain in Italy?
How tall is Claudia Schiffer?
Who was John F. Kennedy's vice president?
Which subsidiary of Lufthansa serves both Dortmund and Berlin Tegel?
Who was the successor of John F. Kennedy?
Who composed the soundtrack for Cameron's Titanic?
Which movies did Kurosawa direct?
For which label did Elvis record his first album?
In which time zone is Rome?
Give me the currency of China.
Who are the developers of DBpedia?
Does Abraham Lincoln's death place have a website?
Who is the king of the Netherlands?
In which city did Nikos Kazantzakis die?
Who was the father of Queen Elizabeth II?
Give me a list of all critically endangered birds.
How many inhabitants does the largest city in Canada have?
In which military conflicts did Lawrence of Arabia participate?
Which book has the most pages?
In which country does the Nile start?
Who is the Formula 1 race driver with the most races?
Which companies produce hovercrafts?
Did Elvis Presley have children?
In which city was the president of Montenegro born?
Which country was Bill Gates born in?
In which countries do people speak Japanese?
Show me the book that Muhammad Ali wrote.
Is Michelle Obama the wife of Barack Obama?
What is the area code of Berlin?
Give me all actors starring in Last Action Hero.
What are the nicknames of San Francisco?
What was the first Queen album?
Through which countries does the Yenisei river flow?
Which television shows were created by Walt Disney?
What is the bridge with the longest span?
What country is Sitecore from?
Whom did Lance Bass marry?
What is the capital of Canada?
Who was Vincent van Gogh inspired by?
In which city did John F. Kennedy die?
Was U.S. president Jackson involved in a war?
Who wrote the Game of Thrones theme?
Who designed the Brooklyn Bridge?
When did Boris Becker end his active career?
Which types of grapes grow in Oregon?
How tall is Michael Jordan?
To which party does the mayor of Paris belong?
Who wrote the book The Pillars of the Earth?
Who was the 16th president of the United States?
How high is the Mount Everest?
Who was the doctoral supervisor of Albert Einstein?
In which city does Sylvester Stallone live?
What is the currency of the Czech Republic?
Did Socrates influence Aristotle?
What is the time zone of Salt Lake City?
Who is the son of Sonny and Cher?
In which city are the headquarters of the United Nations?
Who is the founder of Penguin Books?
When was Jack Wolfskin founded?
Who is the mayor of Rotterdam?
Give me all Swedish oceanographers.
Show me Hemingway's autobiography.
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
Did Tesla win a nobel prize in physics?
Who is the tallest basketball player?
Which city has the least inhabitants?
Is proinsulin a protein?
Who were the parents of Queen Victoria?
Did Che Guevara have children?
Is Lake Baikal bigger than the Great Bear Lake?
Did Kaurismäki ever win the Grand Prix at Cannes?
Give me all books by William Goldman with more than 300 pages.
Where is Fort Knox located?
In which U.S. state is Fort Knox located?
Where is Syngman Rhee buried?
What is the timezone in San Pedro de Atacama?
To which artistic movement did the painter of The Three Dancers belong?
Which scientist is known for the Manhattan Project and the Nobel Peace Prize?
Show me all books in Asimov's Foundation series.
Give me all cities in New Jersey with more than 100000 inhabitants.
Which museum in New York has the most visitors?
How high is the Yokohama Marine Tower?
Does the new Battlestar Galactica series have more episodes than the old one?
Who is the youngest Darts player?
Who developed the video game World of Warcraft?
Who was the pope that founded the Vatican Television?
Who composed the music for Harold and Maude?
Give me all members of Prodigy.
Who is starring in Spanish movies produced by Benicio del Toro?
Which subsidiary of TUI Travel serves both Glasgow and Dublin?
In which country is Mecca located?
How many languages are spoken in Colombia?
What is the biggest stadium in Spain?
Which professional surfers were born on the Philippines?
What are the five boroughs of New York?
Is Cola a beverage?
When did princess Diana die?
Where in France is sparkling wine produced?
